fix: ensure generated tsconfig paths start with `./` if aliasing to `./svelte-kit` (#12220)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/wicked-kangaroos-swim.md

---
"@sveltejs/kit": patch
---

> fix: correctly handle aliases to files in the `.svelte-kit` directory

Reviewer: actually, maybe it'd be more accurate or comprehensive to say:
```suggestion
fix: correctly handle aliases to files in hidden directories
```

Author: I'm not sure that's right. The only issue was that aliases to files in .svelte-kit did not start with a leading ./ so tsconfig considered them to be non-relative paths and complained e.g. "types/routes/src/*"

> fix: correctly handle aliases to files in the `./svelte-kit` directory

Reviewer: `./svelte-kit` doesn't exist. it would be `./.svelte-kit`. but easier to just write `.svelte-kit` here
```suggestion
fix: correctly handle aliases to files in the `.svelte-kit` directory
```
